main-applications-emacs        urxvtc -e emacs
main-applications-rxvt-unicode urxvtc
main-applications-gimp         gimp
main-applications-emelfm2      emelfm2

main-games-myman            urxvtc -e myman
main-games-huntthewumpus    urxvtc -e wump
main-games-hangman          urxvtc -e hangman
main-games-pkgname          urxvtc -e pkgname
main-games-towersofhanoi    urxvtc -e hanoi
main-games-nethack          urxvtc -e nethack
main-games-kildclient       kildclient
main-games-battleforwesnoth wesnoth

main-internet-opera   opera
main-internet-uzbl    uzbl
main-internet-claws   claws-mail
main-internet-ncftp   ncftp
main-internet-weechat weechat-curses

main-media-ncmpcpp urxvtc -e ncmpcpp
main-media-vlc     vlc
main-media-sonata  sonata

main-office-epdfview   epdfview
main-office-zathura    zathura
main-office-openoffice soffice

main-programming-mzscheme urxvtc -e mzscheme
main-programming-python   urxvtc -e python
main-programming-clisp    urxvtc -e clisp
main-programming-idle     idle

main-system-mount    bcompa amount
main-system-eihort   bcompa sudo eihort
main-system-network  bcompa network
main-system-shutdown sudo shutdown -hP now
main-system-reboot   sudo reboot
